What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

The repository is created without any commits.  At this point, the framework is
enabled, but the work still needs to be added.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The working directory is the container for the repository.  As per its name,
the staging area lets you review what information you want to add to the
repository.  While this may seem like extra work, especially if you want to 
add the entire working directory to the repository, it makes the program much
more robust and flexible.  It allows you to pick and choose which files and/or
directories you want to include in version control.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

By running git diff & git diff --staged, you can confirm that you have added 
just one logical change to the staging area before committing.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

It would seem that branches would be appropriate when considering a change in 
direction of the code, or at least an exploratory change.  It would also make
sense to create a branch when a major stepping-stone, or plateau is achieved.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

That seems like a redundant or self-answering questions.  You create the 
diagram to help you visualize the branch structure.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

In my particular case, it was a learning experience.  I apparently had some
unsaved/unmerged items, and it took several passes to merge.  I kept having
to restore and delete and start over.  The end result was that the code
improvements from each branch were incorporated into the end product.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

Pro
The automatic merge works well and saves time in many instances.

Con
It is possible that the algorithm may fail or miss something.  In case of
more complex changes, it may make the combination more difficult.